A veteran of the Azanian People&#39;s Liberation Army (APLA) and politician, Mr Ratshilumela James Mulovhedzi, passed away in his home at Ngovhela last Wednesday.Mulovhedzi (104), who was also a traditional leader of Tshitutsheni, was one of the founding-members of the Pan Africanist Congress of Azania.One of his long-time comrades and a commander in APLA, Victor &quot;General&quot; Nelombe, described Mulovhedzi as a fearless fighter, who fought alongside Robert Mugabe&rsquo;s fighters in the war of liberation for Zimbabwe. He received military training in Tanzania and Mozambique.&ldquo;I met him in 1993 in Zimbabwe while at APLA camps. He was one of the most enthusiastic organizers of the PAC and he worked alongside the leaders of the movement, such as the late Josiah Madzunye and Maxwell Nemadzivhanani. In 2000, we were together sent to Bloemfontein to organize all the veterans for their welfare, a task we did successfully.&rdquo; Nelombe added that his friends and comrades would remember him as a soldier who never retreated.The late Mr Mulovhedzi was also a well-known musangwe fighter and father of current IBO welterweight champion&nbsp;Tsiko Mulovhedzi.One of his children, Mr Ratshibvumo Mulovhedzi, said the family had suffered a great loss. &ldquo;Our father has taught us to work hard and we will pick up the spear where he left off. However, we put everything in God&rsquo;s hands because He knows why it happens this way. We will miss him, but we have to accept what we do not have the power to change things.&rdquo;Mulovhedzi said his father had&nbsp;taught the family and the local community that it was good to love one another. &ldquo;He has been the pillar of strength for this community and we will miss him dearly.&rdquo;He thanked friends, family members and members of the community who have been supporting the family since his father&rsquo;s death. &ldquo;Your support has been overwhelming and it made us feel strong.&quot;The Vhembe musangwe president, Mr Tshilidzi Ndevana, said the fact that Mulovhedzi had worked for the development of the sport was a true reflection that he was always dedicated to his work, thereby contributing to community development. Mulovhedzi is survived by his wife and children. He will be buried at Ngovhela this afternoon (Friday). The service will start at 16:00.