The community of Mpheni took the law into their hands on Sunday night, in yet another case of mob justice. A man, suspected of robbing a Somalian businessman at his shop, was severely assaulted and then set alight by residents.The suspected thief was beaten, forced to eat raw meat, doused with dirty water and stripped naked by a mob, in full view of the public, after he was allegedly caught robbing a businessman.A few weeks ago, another alleged criminal was killed at Tshirolwe after being accused by the community of being behind a spate of crimes and robberies in the Nzhelele area. In the past months, several incidents were reported where community members resorted to violence and seriously injured or killed people accused of theft.A member of the community, who happened to pass by the scene and preferred to remain anonymous, said that it was good that the two were beaten. &ldquo;These criminals think they can do as they wish in the community. We are tired of crime and the rule of law is taking us nowhere. Beating or killing them will send a strong message out there that whoever wants to indulge in crime should think twice before doing that,&rdquo; he said.The community member said that crime was rampant in the area but acknowledged that it would be better if residents worked in close cooperation with the police. &ldquo;Ugly situations like these could be averted if criminals are locked away for a long time. Residents are angry, but we make an appeal that people do not take the law into our own hands.&nbsp;Together, as residents and the police, we can clean our villages of crime. Criminals live in our midst and we have to expose them and they will have no place to hide,&rdquo; he said.&ldquo;We want to send a message to other would-be thieves that Mpheni and surrounding areas are not playing grounds for thieves. He must go and look for a job if he wants to get money, not steal from our poor, hardworking community members who are trying to provide for their families,&rdquo; said one of the people who had witnessed the killing of the suspect.Waterval police spokesperson Const Cynthia Ndou&nbsp;confirmed the incident and condemned the action by the community members. &ldquo;Residents should not take the law into their own hands, but when confronted with such situations, they should give the police space to work. Their role is to help the police with information, because if they take the law into their own hands, they are equally guilty of an offence,&rdquo; she said.She added that the police had opened a case of murder.