The seven-year-old drama involving Limpopo businessman Goddard Mugwena and his estranged former wife Doris Mthembi, her husband Joe Ragwala and her worker, Nelly Lekgetho, seems to be drawing to an end.Mthembi and her co-accused stand accused of defrauding businessman Mugwena, who was the owner of Injectmed College in Thohoyandou, of hundreds of thousands of rands. They have been charged with more than 170 counts of fraud and their case is being heard in the Sibasa Regional Court.So far, seven witnesses have testified, including two&nbsp;who have been in the witness stand for most of the week. The whole of Monday was spent on Ms Euphoni Tshishonga, who was a student at the college during the commission of the alleged fraud. She told the court of massive spending by Mthembi on parties, cars as gifts and a house allegedly financed by the proceeds of the fraud from the college.Tshishonga said she came to the college in 2006 as a student and, after completion, she was asked by Mthembi to assist at the college. &ldquo;We used to scout for students at banks in Thohoyandou and tell them not to pay at the bank, but at the school. We were each paid commission of 10% of the day&rsquo;s takings&nbsp;for our services,&rdquo; she said.Tshishonga further told the court that Mthembi had told her that the college was hers and that she had started it by using money from her pension at Old Mutual. She also testified that Mthembi had told her that students could pay at the college, despite the order by Mugwena that all should pay at the bank and not at the school.She also told the court of a car that Doris had bought&nbsp;for Tshisonga&rsquo;s&nbsp;then boyfriend, whom&nbsp;she called her son. Tshishonga also testified of a two-roomed house that was built for her and her boyfriend in Makwarela Extension by Mthembi. &ldquo;She used to spoil my boyfriend, Gumani, whom she referred to as her own son and bought him fancy clothing and also the Honda Ballade. We were very close to her,&rdquo; she said.Just before the court adjourned on Tuesday, Ragwala and Mthembi started hurling insults at Limpopo Mirror&rsquo;s journalist, Elmon Tshikhudo. This was done even before the presiding officer could leave the court. The defence team for the three accused, court officials and others who were in court witnessed the event. Court officials had to restrain the two accused, who then used the back door and gate to exit the court building.Tshikhudo said he felt very threatened after Ragwala had told him he was cursing him and that everything Tshikhudo touched would also be cursed. &quot;Mthembi called me a dog who was being used by Mugwena. I was just doing my normal duty and I do not report to Mugwena. These threats won&#39;t stop me from doing my job. &nbsp;I have covered so many court cases and I am surprised as to why this one should not be reported on.&rdquo;He added that he was not deterred&nbsp;and was considering pressing charges for intimidation against the couple.On Wednesday, the seventh state witness, Musundwa Ramaano took to the witness stand. More witnesses, including Mugwena, are still going to testify and the trial is continuing.