Motorist will continue to experience delays on the N1 between Louis Trichardt and Polokwane at Matoks this festive season.Although no formal road works will take place during the December holiday, motorists will have to continue using the existing detour through Matoks (Botlokwa).The current construction work at Matoks entails the building of two pedestrian bridges and a main vehicle bridge over the N1, as well as a 1,9km service road. A section of the N1, a distance of&nbsp;1,5km to be exact, will also be upgraded after the main construction of the bridges. &nbsp;This construction is part of the strategy of the South African National Roads Agency Limited (SANRAL) to safeguard the local community at Botlokwa. Over the years, this part of the N1 has claimed the lives of many a pedestrian. They are often hit and killed by speeding vehicles who fail to adhere to the 60km/h speed limit.The project became a reality in 2014, after it had taken the Department of Roads and Transport in Limpopo several years to convince the Botlokwa community to come to an understanding with SANRAL. The community finally gave the green light for the project on 5 December 2013.Since then, local residents have welcomed the multimillion rand project. Once completed, the bridge will enable them to access the local shopping mall in Matoks safely. It is also hoped that the project will eliminate the risk of stray animals crossing the national road. The project is estimated to be&nbsp;worth R143 million at completion.However, since the commencement of the project earlier in 2015, several traffic jams have occurred at the intersection next to the local shopping complex. This is largely due to a narrow detour road through a part of Matoks.Speaking on behalf of SANRAL, Mr Zenzele Bam confirmed&nbsp;this week that the project will be completed by February 2017. &ldquo;The two pedestrian bridges, one to the south and the other to the north of the interchange, are being built over the N1,&rdquo; Bam explained.During the festive season, however, the N1 will be closed and the existing detour will be in operation.According to Bam, this will entail that motorists will have to continue to use the road through Matoks with patience and extreme caution. Local pedestrians still make use of this road to commute across the N1, and from time to time stray animals also wander about. Strict speed limits have therefore been put in place.Motorists who wish to avoid this detour are advised to take the R36 to Morobeng (Soekmekaar), turning onto the R81 to Polokwane.Those travelling further south should also take note of delays caused by roadworks on the R71 in Polokwane. This is the road that passes the Peter Mokaba stadium and joins up with the N1 south again.