In another incident of mob violence, Tshirolwe residents beat&nbsp;an unknown man to death on Sunday after accusing him of theft.Police spokesperson&nbsp;Const Mususumeli Maboyi of the Mphephu SAPS&nbsp;confirmed that a murder case had been opened after a man was apparently&nbsp;attacked and beaten to death by community members.&nbsp;&ldquo;Police were called to a hostage situation where a large group of community members&nbsp;kept a man who was being accused of being a criminal. Members of the police confronted the group and tried to rescue the victim, but he was certified dead on the scene,&rdquo; said Const Maboyi.According to a community member, who did not want to have his name mentioned, the suspect was part of a group of thieves terrorising the community. They allegedly targeted shops owned by foreigners such as Somalians and Ethiopians. The thieves allegedly also broke into houses, stealing household goods. &ldquo;We are tired of the anarchy caused by the thugs. They have been terrorising us for a long time,&rdquo; he said.He said the community decided to take the law into their own hands&nbsp;because they felt&nbsp;the police were not doing their job. &ldquo;Our community is sick and tired of the police arresting criminals and then, within weeks, they are released.&rdquo;&#39;During Sunday&rsquo;s incident, three of the alleged robbers apparently managed to flee. Residents chased after the suspects and apprehended a man, estimated to be in his thirties. The mob then beat him to death with sticks and stones.No arrests have been made yet, but the police said a task team was being set up to investigate the case and identify those who were involved. &ldquo;Communities are warned not to take the law into their hands. Criminal activities should always be reported to the police,&rdquo; said Const Maboyi.Maboyi was very critical of the action taken by the livid residents who had participated in the mob-justice incident. &ldquo;We are always discouraging the community from taking the law into their own hands. If a crime is committed, the community should call the police and let the officers do their jobs. People should take into consideration that taking the law into their own hands is a downright criminal offence.&rdquo;The police appealed to the community to come forward to identify the body.