A local woman will have to prepare for a bleak festive season if a Good Samaritan does not come to her assistance. This follows a mysterious fire that destroyed two mud rondavels and all their contents.Ms&nbsp;Nancy Rakoma (52) of Ha-Ramukhuba outside Vuwani&nbsp;lost her mother in August this year. After the death of her mother, she was left by herself, staying in thatch-roofed rondavels and&nbsp;without any income. On Monday morning, tragedy struck again when the two rondavels were burnt down by a mysterious fire.All the contents, including her clothing, fridge, beds and other goods, were totally destroyed and damage is estimated at more than R150 000. She was only left with what she was wearing, and the cause of the fire is still a mystery at this stage.&ldquo;I had just finished cooking at around 10:00 and was making a call on my phone outside when I heard a strange noise inside the hut. On inspection I found the electric cables were on fire. The fire spread so quickly and I tried to salvage some of the goods, but I was overcome by fumes and could not save anything from the fire.&rdquo;She added that she was still in shock. &ldquo;We saved for many years to build the huts and bought some furniture and everything has gone up in smoke. I do not know how I am going to cope,&rdquo; she said.On learning about the tragedy, the Nesengai ANC branch, led by Cllr Tshisamphiri Balibali, and the chairperson of the branch, Mr Ndivhaleni Munyai, sprang into action and organized groceries for Rakoma. &ldquo;We are here as a caring organization that is concerned about the well-being of the community. We could not sleep without doing something for this poor woman. We got our heads together with our councillor and we manage to buy food for her and her family, as they have lost everything in the fire. We will be with the family until the situation returns to normal,&rdquo; said Munyai.Balibali urged the community that had gathered to comfort the family to rally around them and to assist them in whatever manner they could. &ldquo;The family has lost everything in the fire and this woman is not working and has no means to can rebuild the huts. Let&rsquo;s join hands and assist them.&rdquo;