Musina Municipality has increased its funding for students from indigent families.The municipality is currently financing 12 students who are furthering their studies at institutions of&nbsp;higher learning at a cost of R1,2 million.It is against this background that the mayor of the local municipality, Cllr Mihloti Muhlope, is calling prospective indigent students to apply for the mayoral bursary for the 2017 intake. The students include those who are currently in Grade 12 and those who have already passed their Grade 12. The municipality has put aside a total amount of R1,3 million.With the closing date set for 10 December 2016, application forms are already available at&nbsp;all Musina Municipality&#39;s offices. Among the requirements, prospective students should reside within the Musina Municipality and their combined household income should be R3 500 or less.Muhlope said the importance of education was very clear. &ldquo;Our own reconstruction and development effort, the renaissance of the entire continent and our successful interaction in the global village, depend largely on the progress we make in educating our communities. Education is key in creating a better society that is dynamic and productive because it can unlock the potential that lies within us all. Good education will provide our children access to our country&#39;s rich and diverse culture, its history and an understanding of their place in the world. Education offers opportunities to gain insight into the best that has been thought, said and done.&rdquo;Muhlope said the mayoral bursary had&nbsp;started producing fruits and Musina Municipality had a very good story to tell. &ldquo;&nbsp;Three young students - the first crop of this initiative &ndash; have successfully completed their tertiary qualifications after being funded by the municipality&rsquo;s Mayoral Bursary scheme. They are now part of the municipality&rsquo;s workforce. They have signed contracts with the municipality and they are presently serving in different departments for a period of three years. This clearly displays that we are not just spending our money in vain.&rdquo;