Tirhani Mabasa, a Giyani-born singer currently based in Midrand, walked away with the Best Xitsonga Album of the Year award at the South African Traditional Music Awards (SATMA) recently held at Richards Bay in KwaZulu-Natal.The 44-year-old weather anchor at SABC TV released an album, Ben10, in February this year.The ceremony was graced by the minister of communications, Ms Faith Muthambi, the Deputy Minister of Cooperative Governance and Traditional Affairs, Obed Bapela, and the SABC&rsquo;s controversial former COO, Hlaudi Motsoeneng. This year&rsquo;s ceremony was themed &ldquo;Imbokodo is our heritage,&rdquo; and it aimed to celebrate women&rsquo;s achievements in various sectors.Mabasa said that she felt very excited upon hearing that her album had&nbsp;won the Best Xitsonga Album award. &ldquo;I am delighted about winning the award. It humbles me, because I was happy to have been nominated in the first place, so winning is a blessing,&rdquo; she said.She further added that the album was&nbsp;almost sold out at most record bars. &ldquo;I am surprised that people still want to buy original copies, even though the album came out in February. It shows that I produce quality music,&rdquo; she added.She was inspired by a well-known musician, Dr Thomas Chauke, when venturing into the music industry, as well as by other musicians such as HW Makhubele and Mhani Khatisa Chavalala. &ldquo;I also drew inspiration from Cesaria Ivora,&rdquo; she said.She sings Xitsonga music, but she believes she is very versatile. &ldquo;I also do house and afro-soul music. I am a businesswoman and I also run a communication and marketing company,&rdquo; she said.She encouraged aspiring artists to follow their dreams. &ldquo;Set your goals and work hard towards achieving them. Passion itself is not enough;&nbsp;it should be accompanied by a good marketing strategy,&rdquo; she added.The fans can expect more beautiful music from her and team humba. &ldquo;I am working on a single that will be out soon, so that people will have something to dance to in this festive season,&rdquo; she added.