The South African music fraternity is&nbsp;still grieving the death of the legendary kwaito musician, Mduduzi Edmund Tshabalala, also known as Mandoza. He will forever be remembered in the Vhembe region for his mesmerizing music.Mandoza (38) passed away on 18&nbsp;September, following a long battle with cancer. A year ago doctors told the talented musician he had&nbsp;a brain tumour. Mandoza was last seen making an appearance in public at the SABC&rsquo;s &ldquo;Thank You&rdquo; concert a week ago at the Orlando Stadium in Soweto.People have described the passing away of Mandoza as the end of an era in kwaito music. His music touched many people&rsquo;s hearts and motivated them. Mandoza was not limited to one language and performed songs in Afrikaans, isiZulu, isiXhosa and English.The past week artists in the Vhembe area paid tribute to him and said that he might&nbsp;be gone, but his music and memory would always live on.The local poet, Lufuno &lsquo;Funo&rsquo; Munyai, said that she would always remember him by his song Nkalakatha. &ldquo;I grew up listening to his songs. He did a good job by putting South African kwaito music at the top. He was the king of kwaito music. His songs will forever live on.&nbsp;May his soul rest in peace,&rdquo; she said.The artist manager, Michael Matsa, said that he would forever remember Mandoza&#39;s motivational songs. &ldquo;Many songs that he sang&nbsp;had a good message to the people. His music gave people hope in life and he was a hard worker,&rdquo; he said.Another local artist, Ras Canly, said that Mandoza was a respected musician and he did not make the headlines for the wrong reasons. &ldquo;He was a dedicated man who pushed his passion until his last days on earth, even when it was no longer easy for him. He played his part in the music industry. A legend has fallen, but his music will live on,&rdquo; he said.This year&rsquo;s SAMA nominee, Lwei Netshivhale, said that Mandoza had the&nbsp;kind of music that was so relevant to anyone, regardless of their geographical location or language. &ldquo;His music inspired me a lot in the sense that you can make music in your language and people all over will still embrace it,&rdquo; he said.The Minister of Communications, Faith Muthambi, was a big fan of Mandoza. She attended the SABC&rsquo;s &ldquo;Thank You&rdquo; concert to support Mandoza at his last performance. &ldquo;I am eternally grateful for having had the cherished opportunity of walking with him onto the stage at his last performance. I will forever remember the strength and dedication he showed. When he walked off that stage, he embodied the aura of a fulfilled man. He still had so much hope and plans for the future. He spoke eloquently about how he wanted South African artists to benefit and propel themselves to the next level,&rdquo; she said.Mandoza will be laid to rest on Saturday.