Music Famous local reggae music legend Jacky Nethomboni, who shuffles between his roles as a teacher, television actor and motivational speaker, has released his tenth album, entitled Zwi na vhane vhazwo. Nethomboni, who has been in the music industry for the past 30 years, teaches arts and culture, agricultural science and English at Nngweni High School in the Nzhelele area. Famously known as Mr Dzilevhabadi by his adoring fans, Nethomboni says his latest offering is "a thank-you token of appreciation" to his fans, who have been supporting him through thick and thin. Dzilevhabadi is one of Nethomboni’s famous signature hit songs that earned him fame in the late nineties. He said of his new album: “I have given myself enough time to produce the best reggae mixture that will thrill my fans, both young and old. My music is about our daily life experiences and that is why it is easier for my fans to identify with it.” “I concentrate on my entertainment career during school holidays or weekends. During the week, I make sure that I work hard at school to give my pupils the best education they deserve." The new album, which is already receiving massive airplay on local and national radio stations, contains hit songs that will automatically entice reggae music lovers to put their dancing shoes on. The tracks include Zwi na vhane vhazwo, Reggae Great, Gaputshete, Wondeful Love, Tambani Reggae, Yesu Ndi Dzina, Gravy Train, A hu imiwi and Yehova Nga a Rendiwe. The famous television character, who is Vho-Phusuphusu in the much-celebrated SABC 2 Tshivenda soapie Muvhango, has also previously performed in dramas on Phalaphala FM. These include Dan on Vho Fasha Mmbwa and Vhafunzi Vho-Mavhungo on Zwipopola Zwa Vhafunzi. Nethomboni says he balances his multiple activities and music career to make sure that they do not interfere with his teaching profession. “I concentrate on my entertainment career during school holidays or weekends. During the week, I make sure that I work hard at school to give my pupils the best education they deserve. The most important thing for the young people is to get education first, because they will always have something to lean on if they are not doing well in the entertainment industry.” For CDs, public performances and bookings, Nethomboni can be phoned on 082 081 3650. Follow him on: