&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Film &amp; TheatreA very productive local film producer and musician, Tshidino Ndou, is set to release two movies in the week before the festive season starts.The two movies, Nwana O Ngalangala and My Stupid Blesser, are expected to take the Tshivenda film industry to another level. The first movie, Nwana O Ngalangala, can be loosely translated as &ldquo;The child is missing&rdquo;.According to the Tshakhuma-born writer and director of the two movies, quality takes time. &ldquo;It took us two years to shoot My Stupid Blesser and three years to wrap up Nwana O Ngalangala,&rdquo; Tshidino said.He said that Nwana o ngalangala is hard-hitting, scary movie that tells the story of a poor but clever school girl who was ritually murdered. He added that the story teaches the community about the danger of mob justice.&ldquo;I don&rsquo;t show the act of killing, but only the consequences of ritual killing,&rdquo; he said. &ldquo;The film is not written to provoke anyone and incite violence, but to start a debate on ritual killing in South Africa.&rdquo;The cast of Nwana o ngalangala includes, among others, actors such as Mashudu Romani, Arthur Mukondeleli, Thivhulawi Mabada, Pfano Madilonga, Ronewa Ndou, Muofhe Nethavhakone, Virginia Tshivhase, Cynthia Elelwani and Thakhani Ndou. On the other hand, My Stupid Blesser is an extraordinary comedy about a teacher who spends his money irresponsibly. The film features Albert Mamphwe, Funanani Madala, Tambani Netshisaulu, Phathutsheddzo Booi, Slindile Sithole, Forget Mkhabele and Ronewa Ndou.Despite the lack of funding, Tshidino does not stop making movies. &ldquo;I have been funding my movies since I started making films in 2005,&rdquo; he said. Tshidino, an information technology instructor by profession, already managed to produce great movies such as Hu do dzula nnyi, Mathaithai, Hu bvuma na fhasi, Vho-Mulingo and Mphemphe i a netisa.Just like other local filmmakers, this filmmaker is worried about the status of the Tshivenda film industry. He suggested that a structure be set up by the government to support local film producers.Those interested in Tshidino&rsquo;s movies can call him on 073 6120 166 or via email vhadino@gmail.com.