Several issues pertaining to service delivery were discussed during a recent meeting between Mayor Mihloti Muhlope of Musina and senior traditional leader&nbsp;Thovhele Vuzidzhena Nethengwe of&nbsp; the Thengwe dynasty. The meeting recenlty took place at the Thengwe Royal House, outside Tshilamba.The visit formed&nbsp;part of the mayor&rsquo;s mission to interact with traditional leaders who have been included into the new demarcation boundaries of Musina. Thovhele Nethengwe is one of the five senior traditional leaders who were officially allocated seats on the council of Musina Municipality, giving them the same powers to participate in council meetings as councilors. The other senior traditional leaders allocated seats are Chiefs Hanyani Tshikundamalema, Avhatendi Rambuda, William Mutele and Elon Manenzhe.Prior to August 3, Musina did not have any traditional leaders officially sitting in and participating in council meetings. Following the new demarcation and disestablishment of Mutale, the municipality inherited approximately 50 villages to form part of Musina.&nbsp;Thovhele Nethengwe said it was an honour for him to have been visited by the delegation from Musina Municipality. &ldquo;This is a clear indication that the municipality takes traditional leadership very seriously. Our tradition also dictates that no one can bring development to&nbsp;our land without introducing themselves to the traditional leaders. This is the beginning of a good working relationship that will benefit both the municipality and our traditional council.&rdquo;Muhlope said the visit had&nbsp;paved a way to create a platform for the municipality to engage traditional leaders on issues related to service delivery. &ldquo;Traditional leaders are one of our main stakeholders, because a huge portion of land in our municipality belongs to them. It is important to take them on board, so that we can have a common understanding of&nbsp;community development initiatives. The fact that we have allocated them seats on our council is a clear indication that we are ready to work with them.&rdquo;Muhlope said the municipality aimed&nbsp;to address communication challenges by enabling traditional leaders to understand, negotiate and take part in decision making that affected&nbsp;their communities. &ldquo;Communication is a key tool for development and social change, especially in a municipality with a lot of rural villages and farms like ours.&rdquo;