&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;MusicAfter years of working in the shadows of others and many collaborations, son of the soil and master poet Owen Muebi of Duthuni outside Thohoyandou&nbsp;finally came out of his cocoon and released his debut solo CD, Tshelede.The much-anticipated CD was launched amidst fanfare at the Duthuni ACZ a few weeks ago. In attendance were many artists who came to support him, local traditional leader Chief Nnwaamato Ligege, government representatives, traditional leaders, pastors and community members.Young Bono Muebi stole the limelight from his father when he collaborated in the track Vhutshilo na Lufu. The seven-year-old Grade 3 learner at Tshusahulu Primary School left the fans eating from the palms of his hands with an electric performance that will stay in the minds of many for a long time.Muebi, an SABC presenter who is also a nominee in the Mapungubwe Arts Awards 2016, said he launched his solo album at home to inspire the youth in his village. &ldquo;Charity starts at home. I could have done it somewhere else, but felt that home was best and this would allow my peers to change their mindset and see that great things happens in towns. Everything is possible with dedication,&rdquo; he said.Muebi said he was overwhelmed with happiness looking at the support he got from the community and fellow artists. &ldquo;I am very excited and motivated and I can now promise the best to come. I have also realised that as a united front, artists from this area have a bright future,&rdquo; added Muebi.About his son, Bono, Muebi said: &ldquo;The boy is a wonder. He recites all my poems, even some that are very old which I have forgotten about. He is a great poet with a bright future ahead of him.&rdquo;Well known poet Nduvhuho Mabonyane, better known as Dzomo la Venda in the entertainment arena, also performed during the launch. He commended Muebi for having thought of home for his launch. &ldquo;We are here as one to support Muebi during his launch. As artists, we are very motivated to see one of us coming up with such powerful project. We are also very impressed by the unity displayed by all the artists who came to support one of us,&rdquo; he said.