The following Christmas message was sent&nbsp;in by Makhado Mayor Shonisani Sinyosi:On behalf of the Council of Makhado Municipality, I wish to extend sincere good wishes to all the residents of the Makhado Municipality and beyond. The festive season is almost upon us again, and it is a time to be merry in the company of loved ones and friends.2016 was a special year, marking the third chapter of free and fair local government elections in South Africa. The trust bestowed in us by the electorate of Makhado during the past elections clearly reminds us, the leadership collective, of the urgency to act with speed and diligence in providing quality and basic services to all our people.Over the past 100 days, the council has compiled a strategic plan for the next five years regarding service delivery. We have handed over three completed roads, seven electrification projects, held three public participation meetings (imbizos) and placed 110 interns in &nbsp;the work place and integrated learning programmes funded by LGSETA and the Department of Higher Education. We can do better if we work in partnership to advance the human and social progress of our people.These accomplishments would not have been possible without the dedication and hard work of our staff, labour unions, traditional leaders, civil society organisations, private sector, and members of the community. Our goal is to achieve a clean audit by the year 2018.We congratulate the newly elected members of the ward committees, who are charged with the mammoth task of strengthening people-centred and participatory governance in our municipality.As we prepare to unwind, relax and celebrate, it is important to pause for a moment and remind ourselves of the value of life and families that depend on it. Let us not drink and drive. If you are tired, please stop and rest. We appeal to truck drivers, taxi and bus drivers en route to the Beit Bridge border and other destinations to follow all traffic rules and to avoid speeding and overtaking on solid lines.Let us be safe on the roads, enjoy ourselves responsibly and welcome 2017 with shared enthusiasm. Arrive Alive and God bless. Happy holidays, wishing each one of you every happiness this festive season and throughout 2017.