The provincial Nedbank Cup game between Tshakhuma Tsha Madzivhandila (TTM) and Mariveni United at the Nkowankowa Stadium in Tzaneen on Sunday ended in mayhem and is at present under investigation by the disciplinary committee of the league.&nbsp;The score was 1-0 for United when the game came to an abrupt ending.As if they were campaigning in the same division, United managed to match TTM in all departments from the onset to the bitter end. United could have sealed the game within the first ten minutes, but their strikers were unlucky. Clover Mathebula received a neat pass from Jackson Phalane and shot straight to the keeper from just outside the box.They threatened to score again in the 18th minute when Rhulani Maluleke went loose from the left corner and unleashed a half volley from the edge of the box. The ball hit the side netting and landed outside the field of play for a goal kick.United took the lead in the 27th minute. They were awarded a free kick just outside the box. Tsepo Mokgoelepa blasted in a rocket from the free kick. TTM introduced Sello Tshabalala at the expense of Khathutshelo Mudau towards the end of the first half.The referee, Ms Dineo Raolane, warned Francis Baloyi of TTM with a card for kicking the United keeper, Joseph Mbombi, in the 57th minute. The fans of&nbsp;TTM started to throw various objects at&nbsp;their United counterparts as a way of demonstrating&nbsp;their frustration. The fans of United responded by throwing missiles onto the pitch. That prompted the referee to stop the game.&nbsp;After a while the match officials, together with the match commissioner, Ms Lufuno Nemagovhani, summoned the teams&rsquo; captains and told them that they were calling off the game for reasons relating their own safety.According to the league&rsquo;s provincial secretary, Mr Patrick Seema, TTM and United appeared before the league&rsquo;s disciplinary committee enquiry on Wednesday evening to answer to charges relating to the abandonment of the game. The outcome of the enquiry was&nbsp;not available at the time of our going to press.