The annual festive Ramzas Knockout Soccer Tournament kicks off this weekend (Saturday 24 December). A local businessman and main sponsor, Mr Lucky Ramano from Matangari village, outside Thohoyandou has put aside R200 000 to organize this year&rsquo;s tournament. A total of 16 teams have registered for the tournament.Ramano said this is the fourth year the tournament is being held. He added that the prizes have improved from those offered in the previous years. &ldquo;Position one will go home with a whooping R25 000, a floating trophy, soccer kit and a ball. Position two will receive R15 000, a soccer kit and a ball while position three and four will receive R5 000 and R3 000 respectively. From position five, all the teams will receive consolation prizes for their participation.&rdquo;Ramano said the tournament aims to unearth soccer talent in the disadvantaged rural areas. &ldquo;We are presently operating in some parts of Thulamela, but we will spread to other municipalities because the tournament is growing very fast. Local soccer fanatics will agree with me that this is one of the highest paying soccer tournaments locally. We will continue to empower local teams so that we can build a healthy nation while at the same time keeping the youth from the streets this festive season. Soccer players should take this tournament very seriously because we have invited professional soccer teams to come and scout for players during the games.&rdquo;During the toss and tournament launch that took place at Makonde Shopping Complex last Saturday, it was revealed that the first group will play this Saturday (24 December) at Dzimauli Tshakhumba soccer field. Phandulaluvalo FC will lock horns with Jackliffy FC at 09:00. Makuya Junior Aces will play against Musasenda Big V at 11:00. Boys will be separated from men when Lukau FC battle for supremacy with Khubvi Dangerous Drakies at 13:00. The final game for the day will be between Ngwenani Young Chiefs and Matangari Rising Stars at 15:00.The second group will play on Sunday 25 December at Makonde ground, situated near the stadium which is under construction.&nbsp; Matangari High Aims will play against Mutale Viking at 09:00 followed by Vondwe United Brothers and Mukula Young Santos at 11:00. Rambuda Young Fighters will play against Ficus FC at 13:00 while Mulodi Freedom Birds will play Muvuma FC at 15:00.