&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;MusicBrenda Mukwevho of Tshino village in Vuwani recently released her debut gospel album, Yehova Mukonazwothe.The 10-track album is a continuation of Mukwevho&rsquo;s journey to artistic adulthood, which started in the church choir many years ago. She grew up listening to famous musicians such as Solly Moholo and Barorise Ba Morena, and she said that she drew inspiration from them.Recording the album was not easy. Despite having plenty of songs readily available, she had to fund the project herself. In order to enhance her writing and composition skills, she took piano lessons and composed songs in Tshivenda, Xitsonga and English. &ldquo;I started playing music just to entertain people, performing at wedding feasts, Christmas carnivals and school concerts.&nbsp;Even though the album is self-marketed, it has sold many copies since its release and has been receiving a lot of airplay from different radio stations around the country. &quot;I have been wandering around, but there was one thing that I was missing in life: that is God. Now that I have found the Lord, everything has to change and my life has to bear testimony that I have changed. That is where this album came into being,&quot; she said.She added that she was unemployed at the time and did not know where to get the money to record her music. &ldquo;I tried to raise money by doing piece jobs and asking donations from family members and friends. I worked hard until I got enough money to go to the studio, and the rest is now history. I am satisfied with the way in which the album is being received by members of the community. It is in almost every household, and I am very happy for the support I am receiving from my fans.&rdquo;Mukwevho said she would never forget to thank all the people who had played a role in her musical career. &ldquo;I cannot mention them all by name because they are too many. I recognize their contribution because I am what I am because of them. I will always worship my fans because their support is massive. I will go back to the studio next year and I promise to give them something hotter than my present album.&rdquo;She added that as much as she was still prepared to dish out good music, she was worried about the rampant&nbsp;piracy mushrooming in the province. She said that music pirates, the&nbsp;Ama Ten Ten, were destroying the music industry and that they should be stopped in their tracks.For bookings or more information regarding Brenda Mukwevho, phone 079&nbsp;298 9171.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;