Hundreds of local community members and cross-border travellers underwent health checks for various diseases during the World Aids Day build-up event at the Beit Bridge Border Post last&nbsp;Thursday.&nbsp;More than 5 000 male condoms were also distributed by a team of health workers and volunteers during the event. The highest number of condoms was&nbsp;distributed to truck drivers, hawkers, taxi drivers and sex workers.Mayor Mihloti Muhlope said the event was aimed at encouraging local community members and travellers to live a healthy life while at the same time being faithful to their lovers. She also mentioned that the reason why the Beit Bridge Border Post was targeted was&nbsp;because thousands of travellers&nbsp;passed through the port of entry on a daily basis.She said the campaign re-affirmedd&nbsp;the commitment of Musina Municipality to scale up and intensify the multi-sectoral response to HIV and TB. &ldquo;That is why we decided to put everything aside to come and make contributions to this important initiative. In order to combat HIV and TB, a collective and multi-pronged effort is required from all of us.&ldquo;During the campaign, we taught community members how to use condoms correctly, because a condom prevents the transmission of various sexual diseases. We also encouraged people to know their HIV status by testing every three months. We made our people aware of the signs and symptoms of various diseases and to seek medical help as soon as the first symptoms appear.&rdquo;She added that it was up to everyone&nbsp;to take responsibility for their own health and that of others. &ldquo;As a nation, we must rise to this challenge, determined and committed and confident that we can succeed. We must combat the stigma associated with HIV and create an environment in which all can feel comfortable to be&nbsp;tested and treated. This occasion serves as an important reminder that the epidemic is still with us and that we must do more to increase awareness and to eliminate prejudice.&rdquo;Mr Trevor Kaunda, a truck driver who was delivering a cargo from Durban to Zambia, said that it was an excellent initiative as they did not have time to do health checks or go into the shops to buy condoms as they spent&nbsp;most of their time on the road. &quot;Many lives will really be saved through this move,&quot; he said.&nbsp; &nbsp;