Three members of the Mavhunga family as well as a friend died in a horrific car accident along the N1 between Louis Trichardt and Musina last Saturday at Maromboda-Ha Musekene.The Mavhunga family members were on their way to Mudimeli when the sedan they were travelling in collided head-on with an oncoming truck.Traffic came to a halt while rescue workers tried to retrieve the mangled wreck. Traffic police had to battle to clear the road of curious onlookers who blocked the road in a bid to have a glimpse of the scene. Mr Shumani Mavhunga (35) and his daughter, Rachel (9), wife Musiiwa (29) and friend Aluwani Nemudzivhadi (23) of Matanda died in the accident. Another passenger, Innocent Mavhunga (12), is still receiving treatment in the Louis Trichardt Memorial Hospital.Khosikhulu Toni-Mphephu Ramabulana expressed his condolences to the families of the victims. He added that the community members around the Nzhelele area were deeply touched, especially as the victims were still so young. &ldquo;The family members of the victims need our support in hard times like these and we hope accidents of this nature, which can be prevented, will never again take place on our roads,&rdquo; he said. Mphephu further urged motorists not to drink and drive. &ldquo;Let us rest if we feel tired. It is now the festive season and people must be very careful when driving,&rdquo; he said.The executive mayor of the Vhembe District, Cllr Florance Radzilani, has urged members of the bereaved families and all stakeholders involved in the preparations for&nbsp;the funerals to be united and work together with their municipalities to ensure that they get a dignified funeral. She urged members of the community to drive responsibly and always obey the speed limit. &ldquo;It is high time that we start to be our own traffic officers by driving responsibly. Let us support the Arrive Alive campaign,&rdquo; she said.The spokesperson for&nbsp;the Makhado Municipality, Mr Louis Bobodi, called upon all road users to take personal responsibility for their safety on the roads as they travel to various destinations over the festive season. &ldquo;Traffic laws, no matter how trivial they may seem, are proven methods that help increase the safety of people travelling on or near roads. Failing to adhere to these laws might lead to prosecution or, in worst cases, somebody being killed,&rdquo; he said. He said that traffic officers would&nbsp;be available everywhere during this time.Limpopo police spokesperson Lt Col Moatshe Ngoepe said the police were still investigating the circumstances that had led to the accident.The three&nbsp;members of the Mavhunga family will be buried at the Rabali cemetery. The service will start at 06:00. Nemudzivhadi will be buried at Thononda. The servive will be held at Matanda. &nbsp;