A new era dawned at AFB Makhado on 7 October, with Lieutenant Colonel Josias Mashaba taking over the reins as new officer commanding of 2 Squadron from Lieutenant Colonel Musa &ldquo;Midnite&rdquo; Mbhokota.Col Mbhokota boasts an&nbsp;illustrious career with many historical milestones. These include being the first black South African to fly a supersonic solo in the Cheetah fighter craft in 2001. He also served with distinction as the first ever black officer to command the base&rsquo;s fighter squadron. In his farewell address, Col Mbhokota thanked all who had contributed to his prestigious career in the South African Air Force (SAAF), including his family and wife Klea for her unwavering support throughout the difficult times.At the age of 38, incoming officer commanding Col Mashaba also already boasts an impressive air force career.Col Mashaba was born on 10 April 1978 in Pretoria. After matriculating, he began studying Industrial Engineering at Pretoria Technicon. While busy with his studies, he was recruited to join the SAAF as a pilot and commenced with his basic military training in 2001.After completing with his officer&rsquo;s formative course at the SA Air Force College, he started with his ground-school phase at the Military Academy in Saldanha and completed it in June 2003.Col Mashaba qualified as a pilot in June 2004 and started off his career in the transport line. While stationed at 44 Squadron at AFB Waterkloof, he was involved in several joint crime-prevention operations with the SAPS and army.In 2006, Col Mashaba was earmarked for the fighter line and subsequently&nbsp;he was transferred to AFB Makhado to resume a fighter-flying career. In 2008, Col Mashaba completed the Hawk Mk120 conversion course, followed by the operation training conversion course, flight leader&#39;s course, and the instructor&#39;s course at Central Flying School in Langebaanweg.In September 2011, Col Mashaba&nbsp;qualified as a flying instructor and continued giving pilot training till August 2014. Towards the end of 2014, Col Mashaba returned to 85 Combat Flying School at AFB Makhado, where he completed the Hawk Mk120 refresher&#39;s training course and started with his instructor&#39;s course on the Hawk MK120 in May 2015. In September of that year, he was transferred to 2 Squadron and completed the Gripen operational conversion course.Over his 15-year career in the SAAF, Col Mashaba has flown the Cessna 208, Cessna 185, Pilatus Astra PC 7 MK11, Hawk MK120 and the Gripen. The highlight&nbsp;of his career was when he participated&nbsp;in the air-policing operations as part of Ops Kgwele during the 2010 Soccer World Cup. Col Mashaba is a father of one, eight-year-old Khumo.