&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;MusicTwo local lyricists, Kashflow (27) and Flomatic (20), teamed up to form a musical group called OMG (On My Grind) earlier this month.Mulanga Ralioma, known by his stage name as Kashflow, and Flomatic, or Arina Marwala,&nbsp;both made their mark in VenRap music as solo artists at a very young age, mainly in Limpopo and Gauteng province. Flomatic started in the music industry at the age of 17. He had performed at&nbsp;numerous gigs and clubs in Pretoria, where he received huge recognition. Last year Kashflow won a Tshima award in the Best Hip Hop Artist category.OMG was formed with the aim of consolidating their unique VenRap skills, but with a new approach to hip hop. According to the two members, they decided to expand their musical journey and bring out the change in their musical genre. They are working on new songs at present, but will introduce themselves and their group by releasing two songs, OMG and G-section.The two singers say&nbsp;that their main drive is to inspire and influence the youth in Africa and beyond in a positive way with their lyrics about ordinary, everyday life and challenges.In 2015, Kashflow released an award-winning album,&nbsp;Zwirembiluni, which focused on his adversities throughout his music career and social life. This year, Flomatic released a hit single called Heli ndi Li&rsquo;Dab, which made headlines on radio stations, and he also released another single, entitled My Life, for which he also shot a music video.Both are aware&nbsp;of the importance of education in life. Flomatic is currently doing his diploma in IT at Boston College in Pretoria. Kashflow furthered his education at PC Training and Rosebank College in Pretoria and finished a diploma in graphic design and web development.Those interested in booking these two artists can phone OMG&rsquo;s manager, Dakalo Stan Mamathuntsha, on 076 264 0828, their marketing strategist,&nbsp;Israel Mureri (Cigga) on 082 404 7774, or e-mail them on omgempirebookings@gmail.com. They are also active on Facebook and Instagram under the name OMG Empire SA.