The killing of women in Vhembe in recent times has become a source of great concern to the community.Three weeks ago, a 41-year-old man at Khubvi allegedly killed his 31-year-old wife and made it look like it was a ritual murder. He was arrested and is in custody. Two weeks ago, another woman was found dead at the&nbsp;house of a doctor at Tshilidzini. (Read story here).&nbsp;The woman, who was a third-year education student at the University of Venda, was found after being missing for some days. The doctor disappeared after the murder but has since surrendered to the police on Friday. He appeared in court and was charged with her murder.As if that was not enough, yet another shocking scene manifested itself at Muledane Block J in Thohoyandou, when an incensed man allegedly killed his girlfriend and ultimately hanged himself. The bodies of Ottis Ramabulana (34), a well-known maxi taxi operator from Haramantsha outside Louis Trichardt, and his girlfriend, Elelwani Ndou (26) of Thohoyandou P/West, were found in a rented house last Thursday. It is believed that the incident happened on Wednesday evening (12th), but it was only discovered the following day when residents who were searching for an old man who had gone missing found them.The reason for the tragedy is not known, but the man is said to have left a note. The contents of the note are not known. A neighbour to the couple said she heard some noises at around 21:00 on Wednesday evening, but ignored them,&nbsp;expecting that they were&ldquo;normal late-evening noises&rdquo; in the area. &quot;I did not take it seriously as I thought it could be people passing from visiting a drinking lounge.&rdquo;Friends of the man who arrived at the scene said that the night before the incident, the man had&nbsp;been acting strangely. &quot;We were drinking at a local tavern at Thohoyandou and he kept acting very strangely. He kept repeating that all those he owed money would get their monies at his funeral. We did not take him seriously, and when he left he invited us to his house for more drinks, but we could not go as it was late.&rdquo;&quot;This is very sad for us as friends,&quot; said a friend, who preferred anonymity. Thohoyandou police spokesperson Const Avhafarei Tshiovhe confirmed the incident. &quot;We have opened a murder and an inquest docket,&quot; she said.